Protein dna docking tutorial with haddock3 (#681)
haddocking/haddocking.github.io: education/HADDOCK3/index.md

  This tutorial demonstrates the use of HADDOCK3 for predicting the structure of an antibody-antigen complex using information
  about the hypervariable loops of the antibody and a loose definition of the epitope determined through NMR experiments.
  As HADDOCK3 only exists as a command line version, this tutorial does require some basic Linux expertise.

> 
> * [**HADDOCK3 basic protein-DNA docking tutorial**](/education/HADDOCK3/HADDOCK3-protein-DNA-basic):
>   This tutorial demonstrates the use of HADDOCK3 for predicting the structure of a protein-DNA complex in which two protein units 
>   bind to the double-stranded DNA in a symmetrical manner (3CRO). Next to provided ambiguous restraints to drive the docking symmetry 
>   restraints are defined to enforce symmetrical protein binding. As HADDOCK3 only exists as a command line version, this tutorial does
>   require some basic Linux expertise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* [**Haddock3 basic protein-DNA docking tutorial**](/education/HADDOCK3/HADDOCK3-protein-DNA-basic):
  This tutorial demonstrates the use of Haddock3 for predicting the structure of a protein-DNA complex in which two protein units bind to the double-stranded DNA in a symmetrical manner (reference structure [3CRO](https://www.rcsb.org/structure/3CRO)).
  In addition to provided ambiguous restraints used to drive the docking, symmetry restraints are also defined to enforce symmetrical binding to the protein.
  This tutorial is using a local version of Haddock3, and therefore requires the use of a terminal and some basic command line expertise.
```
